studentProjects.md, before:

### Project 2: Object History
1. [Garbage Bag](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1KhKnJUxhhGz8ZkyPSY5DKCpOov2105828WMtavNXM0g/edit?usp=sharing) by Morgan Boswell and Madison Gibson
1. [IPhone Production](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Zq9L_gcLzHtq-LGKTkv_7vSLwZVRDoG-6Kr3TcVmRcc/edit?ts=5b8ecb2d#slide=id.p) by Leslie Perez-Ramos, Eunice Kim, Phoebe Graham
1. [How to Make a Pencil](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1l8kfRV_s7XiTHmqj14Vkq9VMcEXOQwRkjxLat0a4eEs/edit?ts=5b8ecb39#slide=id.p) by Caitin Leard & Zach Broe
1. [Coins](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Xmc4HTG1enmBPJNU9CvmeYMka2r1wtiSviAfmTyXyBs/edit?ts=5b8ecb4b#slide=id.p) by Toler & Frances
1. [Milk](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1fJfRFFduUSWrshdl1ZXIAv5tN4NrCvCLhuvjxtM9cBg/edit#slide=id.g35f391192_00) by Auriel Byrd and Paige Williams
1. [How Paper Money is Made](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-EkTtCC5OSScRKbDsZyTdWhl1nSg7HH0e5j1rSHaEMY/edit?ts=5b8ed0c7#slide=id.p) by Jenny & Kristin
1. [How It's Made: LED Screen](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1aOA9sxrtd1rC-g7UHJikrbcm0H95A0wGwaA7S8ngRc4/edit?usp=sharing) by Jae & Jake

### Project 11: Metagaming
1. [Grand Theft Auto](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FKGG3Z6Wb7PkJ-xuaDN-0KtDjHuenz_OeXGdvgQK-vw/edit?ts=5bb65ed9) by Frances & Toler
1. [New Ways to Play Slither.io](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XB6NyDrVj2QWY4HNiI8a0rbtSF8tQ5UXX6DRaRPA0S0/edit?ts=5bb65dc0) by Zach & Caitlin
1. [Zack and Cody’s Pizza Party Pickup](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14IXMGilj9IkolpmaDFEjGUi0ElGoJDOyPoLJfolqUdc/edit?ts=5bb66049) by Morgan & Kristin
1. [Habbo Hotel Rules](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_1GB8hFaAhuDESN04MXgcSenFeNxGP6R6JzgW_8mK78/edit?ts=5bb6635c) by Phoebe & Madison
1. [How to Play Sims (Survival Edition)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bWqrC6A1phoFyOS2l9BvvboNGvbr8C15WAc_38jb4zs/edit?ts=5bb6621d) by Eunice & Auriel
1. [The Founder](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lr16IIF_1ETdHNF8Bm-Rlr_tNgLaC5G-gbVM949f1Es/edit?ts=5bb664ee) by Jake & Jae
1. [Slither.io](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CFXuSS5sOdS0a8AEC6titsiWXNAyKuGxI_T21T3g5Ec/edit?ts=5bb66795) by Jenny & Leslie.

### Project 12: Build a Twitter Bot with [Cheap Bots, Done Quick](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/candyca74695588) by Kate Compton
1. [candycat](https://twitter.com/candyca74695588) ([source](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/candyca74695588)) by Caitlin. 
1. [The End of the World as we Know it](https://twitter.com/Meobee1) ([source](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/Meobee1)) by Phoebe.
1. [Pup](https://twitter.com/pupthoughts) ([source](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/pupthoughts)) by Eunice.
1. [Cool Grandma](https://twitter.com/Emily91253686) ([source](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/Emily9125368)) by Kristin.
1. [Princess](https://twitter.com/Jenny38832695) ([source](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/Jenny38832695)) by Jenny.
1. [inspirebot](https://twitter.com/inspirebot1) ([source](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/inspirebot1)) by Morgan.
1. [Loaf of Bun](https://twitter.com/@Victori77815703) ([source](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/@Victori77815703)) by Madison.
1. [guccigirl33](https://twitter.com/Tolo17816556) ([source](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/Tolo17816556)) by Toler.

Commit message:

Add Auriel + Jae twitter bots

studentProjects.md, after:

### Project 2: Object History
1. [Garbage Bag](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1KhKnJUxhhGz8ZkyPSY5DKCpOov2105828WMtavNXM0g/edit?usp=sharing) by Morgan Boswell and Madison Gibson
1. [IPhone Production](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Zq9L_gcLzHtq-LGKTkv_7vSLwZVRDoG-6Kr3TcVmRcc/edit?ts=5b8ecb2d#slide=id.p) by Leslie Perez-Ramos, Eunice Kim, Phoebe Graham
1. [How to Make a Pencil](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1l8kfRV_s7XiTHmqj14Vkq9VMcEXOQwRkjxLat0a4eEs/edit?ts=5b8ecb39#slide=id.p) by Caitin Leard & Zach Broe
1. [Coins](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Xmc4HTG1enmBPJNU9CvmeYMka2r1wtiSviAfmTyXyBs/edit?ts=5b8ecb4b#slide=id.p) by Toler & Frances
1. [Milk](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1fJfRFFduUSWrshdl1ZXIAv5tN4NrCvCLhuvjxtM9cBg/edit#slide=id.g35f391192_00) by Auriel Byrd and Paige Williams
1. [How Paper Money is Made](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-EkTtCC5OSScRKbDsZyTdWhl1nSg7HH0e5j1rSHaEMY/edit?ts=5b8ed0c7#slide=id.p) by Jenny & Kristin
1. [How It's Made: LED Screen](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1aOA9sxrtd1rC-g7UHJikrbcm0H95A0wGwaA7S8ngRc4/edit?usp=sharing) by Jae & Jake

### Project 11: Metagaming
1. [Grand Theft Auto](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FKGG3Z6Wb7PkJ-xuaDN-0KtDjHuenz_OeXGdvgQK-vw/edit?ts=5bb65ed9) by Frances & Toler
1. [New Ways to Play Slither.io](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XB6NyDrVj2QWY4HNiI8a0rbtSF8tQ5UXX6DRaRPA0S0/edit?ts=5bb65dc0) by Zach & Caitlin
1. [Zack and Cody’s Pizza Party Pickup](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14IXMGilj9IkolpmaDFEjGUi0ElGoJDOyPoLJfolqUdc/edit?ts=5bb66049) by Morgan & Kristin
1. [Habbo Hotel Rules](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_1GB8hFaAhuDESN04MXgcSenFeNxGP6R6JzgW_8mK78/edit?ts=5bb6635c) by Phoebe & Madison
1. [How to Play Sims (Survival Edition)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bWqrC6A1phoFyOS2l9BvvboNGvbr8C15WAc_38jb4zs/edit?ts=5bb6621d) by Eunice & Auriel
1. [The Founder](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lr16IIF_1ETdHNF8Bm-Rlr_tNgLaC5G-gbVM949f1Es/edit?ts=5bb664ee) by Jake & Jae
1. [Slither.io](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CFXuSS5sOdS0a8AEC6titsiWXNAyKuGxI_T21T3g5Ec/edit?ts=5bb66795) by Jenny & Leslie.

### Project 12: Build a Twitter Bot with [Cheap Bots, Done Quick](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/candyca74695588) by Kate Compton
1. [candycat](https://twitter.com/candyca74695588) ([source](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/candyca74695588)) by Caitlin
1. [The End of the World as we Know it](https://twitter.com/Meobee1) ([source](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/Meobee1)) by Phoebe
1. [Pup](https://twitter.com/pupthoughts) ([source](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/pupthoughts)) by Eunice
1. [Cool Grandma](https://twitter.com/Emily91253686) ([source](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/Emily9125368)) by Kristin
1. [Princess](https://twitter.com/Jenny38832695) ([source](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/Jenny38832695)) by Jenny
1. [inspirebot](https://twitter.com/inspirebot1) ([source](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/inspirebot1)) by Morgan
1. [Loaf of Bun](https://twitter.com/Victori77815703) ([source](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/Victori7781570)) by Madison
1. [guccigirl33](https://twitter.com/Tolo17816556) ([source](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/Tolo17816556)) by Toler
1. [Jiggly Tofu](https://twitter.com/JigglyTofu) ([source](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/JigglyTofu) by Jae
1. [Marlin](https://twitter.com/@cool_dad15) ([source](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/0Rel2) by Auriel
